All right.
So we have come a long way and we are still scratching the surface of what we can do with a mass.
We can extend it to whatever we want.
Right now what I really want is to have the ability to have users come here and make comments on our
pools right we click on it.
I want to be able to have users come here shoot up a comment and submit the form right now they can
do that.
We get this on post a day.
I mean we get a lot of mistakes here right.
So we want to be able to actually not have any of these problems and be able to allow users to make
comments.
So the first thing that we need to do is we need to go to the database and we need to create another
table.
So we need to go to PH be my admin here click on see a mass and let's create a new table called comments.
C o m m e t s.
And here we're going to set seven rows.
All right.
And let's go ahead and do that right now.
The first row is going to be coming in ID
comment Id the second.
Well right here we need to set this up for us.
Hold on.
So integer three values and in that primary order increment always on the ID right.
Now the second would be comment comment post ID and this was going to have Also 3.
And that's not an order increment.
We're going to increment that by ourselves come and date.
And if you want to just copy this commenting and change that's fine you can do that comment.
And we're going to say that come in Arthur right or title.
No that's fine.
All is fine.
Right.
And the next one would be maybe the e-mail.
I mean we can't stand that we can come backing at tables if we wanted to.
I just want to set the most common table here.
All right.
So a comment a comment Id come in post Id come and older come and email what else we want from them.
What about the content content.
I think that's good.
What about the status re status.
What else do we need from a user.
So we had the comment Id comment Id come in post ID oh the date.
It's a very useful one actually to date.
All right.
So coming out of our car and that's 255 email Varg car 255 would do content that's come in status.
Let's just save our car and they just put to five.
This one is just a day.
And that's it.
We are done with it.
Actually let's just go ahead and save let's make sure everything is spelled correctly here.
All right.
And save it.
So all we need to do here is go back go and click answer.
Insert some data first because we want to be able to display something for now.
And just to see the thing that this is working in Id say 10 coming out or lasy say doing this email
is India.
India Come come in content.
This is just an example of general content.
Thank you.
Come in status.
We're going to say approved and come and date.
We're just going to say this day right here and that's it.
And we ignore whatever is below here if we wanted to add something else.
We will check this.
But right now we just need one.
Well that's fine.
I think we can do one too.
Perfect.
Now that we have created the table an insert of some data.
The next thing is to go and jump into the cold and do some BHB and some queries are right but we need
to build a form first.
All right.
Anyways thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next lecture right.
Take care.